 according to statistics of the possession of property, the number of united kingdoms 812 per cent of the total number of people in possession of property is 882.
 the adoption of the convention into national law does not relate to the implementation of legal norms in article 4, which would allow the article to be implemented.
 during the 1 quarter of 1993, the economic performance during the 1 quarter during the 1 quarter.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted the recommendation and pointed out that the inclusion of candidates would be included in the recruitment of candidates following the completion of the consultation.
 the 1 step of the phase ii methodology calls for the establishment of a basis for the basis of the basis for the remuneration comparison.
 according to the progressive development of the chinese tourism market, the price of ticket prices for these attractions might continue to rise.
 as a matter of fact, the rate of vacant stalls of the shopping centers and market stalls is the most high peak for 5 years.
 the situation is most difficult to predict, since it is expected that significant changes are likely to occur at the annual level.
 it is important to take into account the intentions of the country, not instrumental.
 a spokesman for the israeli authorities said that the occupying forces should stay long.
 however, some of us believe that this action would not be left.
 this is very useful to member states aware of the complexity of the court's issues dealing.
 in january 1996, the namibian family plan was established in january 1996 and has become a major non-governmental organization for reproductive health.
 states are best concerned about the most critical health issues affecting women in the country.
 the exercise of its co-operative international treaties, therefore, is a subject of international law.
 although the current activities are still limited, the scale of future space activities will be expanded.
 therefore, it is necessary to investigate and try to reveal the facts.
 resources are needed and predictable.
 it should be understood that the international community is a shield of the council's decisions and action.
 parents cannot be thrown in the hands, and it is completely pushing the responsibility to school and teacher.
 " we are very happy to see the implementation of one country, two systems, and hong kong people enjoy the fruits of this system.
 on my list of speakers, the representative of malaysia, the representative of malaysia, will speak on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government understands that the hos scheme must be avoided with the private sector market and to maintain the difference between the two sales.
 we look forward to the thoroughness of strengthening the united nations controls in a thorough analysis with the countries concerned.
 in accordance with the provisions of the basic law, the 2 term of the chief executive is elected by a 800.
 a person is required to pay due attention to the use of the device to prevent the device.
 national e-commerce networks have also been established in the country throughout october 1998, and the 1 foreign trade in october 1998.
 in 1996, the gdp growth rate of the gross domestic product in 1996 was 4.9 percent.
 after visiting visiting visit to visit china, the crown prince and edinburg public will visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile expresses its strongest protest to the detonation of the people's republic of china on 8 june 1996.
 for the reasons stated at paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that, in principle, the amount claimed in military resources is in principle not compensable.
 such a decision should be taken by the president of the general assembly with the regional and regional groups.
 long-standing problems between the two countries, as well as in the regular budget, have led to prompt access to the organization by the government of belarus government and the ukrainian government.
 indian delegation to the world trade organization (wwc) in the world trade organization (wwc) in the world trade organization (wwc) in india and the united states.
 the warmth of the students of the university of su lai-jun.
 however, the committee notes that the service of the state is not good.
 article 54 of the constitution states that the establishment of the establishment of the education system would establish the necessary establishment and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury, a spokesman for the treasury, said today (december 30) that those who wish to use the internet should submit to the relevant banks.
 mr tsang finally expressed gratitude for the construction of the marine staff of the building, and other interested parties.
 all right, let's continue to look at other news.
 at the same time, some of the solutions to these groups need to have a political presence.
 at 10.30 pm, the hong kong city is gradually returning to normal.
 this is partly due to part of the draft prepared for the conference to be prepared for the conference.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities are able to solve these problems.
 the official languages of the conference include english, russian, french and spanish, this year this year the romanian language.
 in the transactions conducted in local transactions, the hong kong institute of local financial institutions and locally non-competitive financial customers have been employed by the local financial institutions and other local financial institutions.
 " in the long run, we are planning to build more multi-story apartments in the area of bedspace apartments.
 it is vital that the search for the development of multilateral cooperation will be feasible in the future.
 the man was later arrested and sentenced to theft of theft.
 in the humanitarian relief of humanitarian relief in humanitarian relief in the region.
 the prosecutor has already filed a decision on this decision, so the chamber was transmitted to france.
 the slowdown in economic progress and the preservation of social stability has brought us a negative impact on the economy and social stability.
 the week is one or seven days.
 our socialist countries have entered the world, and share interaction with the south and south-south and south-south.
 thirdly, special emphasis is placed on the implementation of the strategy for sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations could play a crucial role in bringing the communication and development efforts to facilitate development efforts in developing countries.
 the yen was cautioned, " he said, " i do not know the sword, " he said.
 (15) in the context of the words and their minds.
 the terrorist attacks of 11 september have occurred for 2 months.
 the chinese ministry of agriculture indicated that china's anti-control prevention measures have been very effective.
 chile has agreed that the preventive deployment of the united nations peacekeeping force could create a mistake to prevent the possibility of violence.
 however, at this critical juncture, the coalition against terrorist coalitions must clearly confirm and recognize its enemy.
 i very much hope that the administration can engage in a dialogue with the voices of different voices.
 a spokesman on behalf of the representative of a spokesperson for the united nations responded to the efforts made by unifem for the reaction of the response.
 the chinese government intends to take up the final plan at the beginning of next year, which is 13 more coal.
 on the other hand, this old-year-old keelung has a new year's keelung town, and this is the path of modernization.
 as part of everyday supervision, the hkma will continue to close closely the credit operations of the authorized institutions.
 in our country, the arabic is the 2 largest official language.
 the university of universities and teachers.
 the credentials shall be issued either by the heads of state or government or by the minister for foreign affairs.
 the contents of the digest have enriched statistical developments in the social and economic spheres of the community.
 the vast majority of the member states show their tendency to increase the council's permanent and non-permanent members of the council.
 during the period after the issuance of the special stamps, the customers will choose to be sold in the six months after the issue.
 the deputy secretary for education and manpower, mr joseph wong wing-ping, visited the deputy secretary for education and manpower, and officers of the bureau.
 during the 1960s, the world's beliefs in the social and cultural foundations of the foundation were found.
 it is not easy to identify electors and election activities.
 the south pacific states are deeply concerned about the resumption of nuclear weapons in the pacific nuclear tests by france.
 the age of 15 years is 15 years.
 the fee is $ 200, " the spokesman added.
 bulldozers of the bulldozer have pushed the homes of the homes in many instances.
 these actions may be the police, armed forces, law enforcement officials, law enforcement officials and the public and the public.
 as a matter of fact, i went to belgium to contact the relevant people of the european parliament.
 at present, the concept of national sovereignty, national self-determination, national security and peace is rapidly changing.
 such a mechanism would benefit the genuine responsibility of genuine responsibility for the identification of genuine responsibility in space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the president of the co-chairmen, sharmshad ( pakistan).
 the committee affirms its need to strengthen the process of nation-building, consolidate the rule of law, democracy and civil society.
 the conference urged the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of such a body.
 palestinian stores and shelters have been damaged and the israeli troops stopped.
 the content of the structure is more tightening, and the content of the content is even more frequent.
 this continues, not only the ordinary people's nervousness, but also the high priority of the government departments and experts.
 he is not talking about, and it takes a look at the heart of the hearts of the hearts of the heart.
 in this regard, we would never be able to find a valuable contribution to the academic qualifications of the academic profession.
 as the saying goes, " it's not a mistake. "
 it is expected that the success of the national party is expected to be accelerated in the demise of the democratic party of the new millennium.
 during the days after the days of the day, it is like that, the lighting of lighting is like a light.
 the mainland is open to taiwan tourism, and local companies show optimism.
 the most common aspects of the existence of functional jurisdictions are the common aspects of navigation and the exclusive economic zone in the territorial area.
 members of the public are reminded to make a report to the police if they doubt the question of such fraud.
 margaret chan officially elected the president of the world health organization in november 9 and became the first chinese in the united nations specialized agencies.
 the executive board may wish to take note of this report.
 international covenants are regulated in accordance with the provisions of the international court of international court day.
 the universal declaration of human rights adopted by the general assembly of the united nations, adopted by the general assembly of the united nations on 10 december 1948.
 the committee commends the protection of human rights in the republic of slovenia, particularly to safeguard the human rights of women.
 er, it was stated that the whole world has nothing to do.
 the non-discrimination principle has resulted in a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating a historic process, and the process of the process has been very uncertain and the multiple political difficulties began in multiple political difficulties.
 since the government gazetted on the internet, the number of visitors visited by the print service has increased to close to 60000 in november.
 there had been no such situations in the previous case or in the case of the committee.
 the state party may wish to address the problem in the near future.
 the performance of the work of the committee depends on the ability of its members and the commission.
 the letter of authorisation for registration must be endorsed by the original school.
 the contract is already signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be conducted in september 2002.
 however, as you are aware of the " quality ", we do not mean that " quantity " is not important.
 it is generally agreed that the national assembly is generally aware of the problem of the termination of the conflict.
 one of the requirements is the damage caused by floods on crops and infrastructures.
 as a result, the government has driven the two exchanges of both exchanges and clearings of the exchanges of hong kong.
 with regard to the river union, the regional offices must assist in the implementation of the confidence-building measures decided by three ministers in september and october.
 the crime of predicted killings and carrying killings, explosives, and other cases of crime, and a maximum of 1<unk>3 of the sentences were added.
 initial investigations revealed that bullets were fired by a genuine gun.
 at the time of analysing the waiting time for an analysis of the nursing of nursing homes, the applicant is divided into three categories.
 this is one of the major reasons for the spread of aids.
 as a result of the modern era.
 in this way, it is possible to ensure that peace and harmony prevail and promote the development of different national and cultural development in the world.
 in terms of prices of food prices, i do not know what can be done by the business sector.
 not only will enhance the ability of local production in film production, it will help hong kong to produce services in the areas of the region. "
 i think it will be understood that our genuine celebrations have been qualified for 17 years.
 in the case of good health, the symptoms are smaller than minors.
 the coordination of issues related to the cooperation of the relevant united nations agencies has been appropriate.
 in the face of a wide variety of " products ", parents can make a better choice of one of the most suitable for the individual situation.
 if there is a very serious problem, the consequences are very serious if they have to do so.
 it will continue to seek voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the new system in 1999 has been working well and better than the previous regime.
 at the same time, it is important to maintain the moratorium on nuclear testing by the entry into force of the ctbt.
 article 31 of the basic law provides that the hong kong residents shall have travel and immigration.
 it was also suggested that this might be a precedent for the establishment of a precedent, resulting in notification of all types of ships of all types of vessels.
 right.
 as the government knows about the problem, the government will also listen to the legal opinions but the government will never make us know.
 as at the end of august 1997, 34 chinese state-owned enterprises were listed on the hong kong market through a total of about $ 70000000.
 so far, the air and land-based assets of the monuc have transported more than 30 tonnes of relief to the goma.
 the committee appreciated the introduction of globalization and new technologies to the implementation of the drug law in the 21 century.
 in this approach, the gap between men and women is reflected in the difference in working life.
 on the other hand, it is not possible to engage in trade in egypt until 1994.
 madam president, in fact, the assembly is in fact not the rights of a group of people, and it is not always a political demands.
 delay will affect the credibility of the talks.
 146. companies and foundations of the private sector have shown a significant increase in the interest of united nations cooperation with the united nations.
 there are no other comments <unk>
 i am very excited.
 two identity cards, one of which is the israelis, is the israelis, and a other way to the residents.
 owing to the constraint of time, i have not been able to do all the services.
 the developments in the recent political circles appear in the recent developments in the recent political circles. this is a matter of worry.
 models include the development of a persian gulf of 3-dimensions of the persian gulf of the persian gulf.
 9 point of this growth was changes in currency exchange rates.
 a typical illicit weapon transaction is carried out in the area of administrative facilities from the control of weapons and export.
 in no way, switzerland would tolerate the financial system of the swiss financial system in the future, in the future, to do so.
 most of the vacancies are available for graduates at diploma or school places, and monthly payroll is $ 8000 to $ 16000.
 table shows the gross value of works completed in the 3 quarter of 1999.
 with regard to the details of the commission's functions, please see the " financial and capital commissions act ".
 in the near future, it is hoped that these programmes were broadcast on the national television station in croatia.
 the commonwealth of civil society is a great complement and support of the commonwealth official.
 the chinese delegation believes that the current international nuclear disarmament effort is on holling holling <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 because mr leung has more time, so i would like to make it better. therefore, i therefore support it.
 the observer for indigenous people, the african and american cultural association considered that the non-descendants of the non-descendants were recognized as argentine minority.
 " we plan to conduct a survey on employers in the coming three years to study the work of the university graduates.
 it is clear that we do not know the chinese version of the chinese version. it is very good that the hong kong officials would imagine some excuses.
 the mission was held in new york in new york, on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law was established by the model law (i.e. the signatory, the relying of) and certification services providers.
 thus, the rate of capacity-building in the national programme is expected to be low.
 the committee will consider specific topics for consideration.
 " the sar is warmly supportive of the mainland.
 for example, the saharan-saharan african region per 53000000 is a telephone call.
 the media must respect the dignity and reputation of the staff and the institutions.
 the israeli authorities have also closed several days in the gaza strip between the gaza strip and egypt.
 as unloading is expected to accelerate, the cost of transport has been reduced and reduced, and all departments would benefit.
 for example, when chao-yen's " song-to-yensy " is printed, the artists are all the same.
 36. 2. 2. 2 is the development of knowledge, skill and entrepreneurship and entrepreneurship.
 she thought that what can be done, television, study, writers, sports, singing, singing and piano.
 talking about the children's children's children's children's development, it is very difficult to see the impact on the unpredics.
 compared to the calculation of the freight costs, it can be calculated at a higher value calculation.
 in fact, the secretary for housing affairs invited me during the dinner, explaining that there is no relationship between this and reconstruction.
 to be entrusted with an independent expert team providing an independent expert team to encourage consultants to operate in an open and transparent manner.
 i did not see, but it was often heard that such reports are often heard.
 (a) the use of standard applications for the cyberport at the cyberport is required to apply for formal applications.
 in the movies, the story of hou hsiao-yen, a story of " pading, " po hsiao-yen, a young man, and a pocket of the yangtong street. "
 the united nations will face a test.
 the director of health and the director of health has indicated that it could be achieved after some four years.
 very difficult.
 women account for more than 50 per cent of the existing staff in the department, and 1<unk>3 of them are managerial positions.
 the court is of the view that the purchasers did not fulfil their obligation to pay the purchase purchase.
 the independent human rights association of the arab league should be channelled with the arab league for human rights.
 it will create a record 50 session at the 50 session of the draft, which will be the real olympic performance.
 iraq is requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report on 16 august 2002.
 the sfc has recently pledged to report to the financial centre of hong kong's financial centre this year.
 the conference considered that the competence of the elections is the prerogative of the general assembly, not the prerogative of the general assembly.
 the visitors can also take back into a lot of days in the modern civilization tomorrow.
 we have a long-term objective and we have set up hong kong's development in asia.
 at the dinner, the director of social welfare, mr lin ching-shing, and the management committee of the director-general of the director-general of the social welfare department (swd) of the social welfare department.
 mrs selina chow proposed to step up the use of " juvenile police " to express their consent.
 a breakthrough was found in overseas markets.
 in respect of the amendment proposed by the honourable lee cheuk-yan, i would like to point out that the argument is actually distorted.
 in shanghai trade and export companies, zhejiang province is similar to the above-mentioned situation.
 hong kong shipowners have a better understanding of the value of commercial decision-making.
 to help the government and people of sierra leone to consolidate peace in eight years after the civil war.
 according to he said, history is exactly the same.
 the national development framework of the transitional national development framework will be a demonstration of the state in the economic and social spheres.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider broadening the terms of reference of the employment service to encompass all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo, without which the international support will invalid.
 however, industrialization partners still need to do much to do much to reduce tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica has been that the delegation had always been very active since the members of the committee.
 israel is proud of the age-old tradition of the whole world as a whole.
 <unk> the director of the directorate of the directorate of directorate's chief of directorate's chief of information services on january 7, 2001.
 the dancers of the dancers are filled with flowers.
 the situation in the united nations society has been the most worrying.
 once again, another emergency hospital has been sent to a hospital where the child has been infected with pockets.
 the questionnaire has been delivered to all programme and donor governments, the state group and the united nations agencies.
 in addition to the creator of the romantic beauty, the team also follows the luxury.
 the purpose is to make pressure on 3-party pressure and peace-building in order to secure war against the ethiopians.
 tai po, tai po, tai po, is a three alarm fire.
 we plan to introduce the bill into the legislative council in 2004.
 the people of kosovo are not allowed to look after the past, and the community should not be allowed to look at the future.
 let us not forget that all these are public funds.
 on the other hand, a local university degree in the coming year will increase.
 i have recently visited the residents of the local residents.
 copies of the written statements should be submitted immediately to the prosecutor or the person to these written statements.
 qin jinsheng said soon james soong said that james soong will arrive in beijing and hu hu jintao on may 5.
 it was noted that additional information was provided during the consideration of the reports during the consideration of the reports.
 a major train explosion accident occurred in the north korean railway on the 22.
 the activities of the special rapporteur include a wide range of representatives from representatives of civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and journalists.
 in this regard the use of the people of hong kong and talking about the people of hong kong is not agreeable.
 however, trafficking in human beings also involves other fields, including the clothing industry, the agriculture and the construction industry.
 my own is not a faith in my own, but i often hear religious opinions.
 in the case of the sar government, i am afraid that before the hong kong special administrative region, i am afraid that only the chinese government will be eligible for the future sar government.
 we must assess the impact of elections to the executive council and the legislative council. "
 okay, thank you for your analysis of mr. qizhenzhenhai.
 in fact, we have already partially implemented some of its provisions, in particular on de-mining activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america increased by 12 per cent per year.
 the number of unemployed persons was reduced to 19.30000 and the first to be the first to 200000 people in four years.
 in 2004, the us import and export bank provided financial resources to us$ 17800000000 in the world.
 two informal ministerial meetings will be held on wednesday, 5 june and 6 june.
 at present, the government is considering the possibility of legal action on the issue of the pollution problem of finances of finances.
 the proposal was proposed for the establishment of 36 posts and 18 posts in support account for the payment by the regular budget.
 in taiwan, it is the main reference basis for the president chen shui-bian's main reference basis.
 right, with regard to the double-edged sword of double-edged swords, we are here.
 in addition, transport department has increased the number of take-offs and landings deployed by the department to 12 per day.
 as for political and religious freedom, it is not only in the constitution but also in other documents.
 i would like to draw the attention of council members to the fact that the external debt situation in the central african republic is very serious.
 as long as it is concerned, the meeting is at 0 9:09:09:0:0 9:30 p.m., u.s. u.s. congress tower, us congress.
 the book's books shall be subject to 3 years after the final withdrawal of the book.
 china has reduced 20000 people.
 a large number of bangkok people in bangkok are ready to celebrate the night at the wto centre.
 we fully support the statement that the secretary-general and other united nations representatives have already issued statements.
 during the period, taxi car parks at the urban area will be accessible to the car parks near ming ming road.
 the registration of united nations arms transfers is a transparent measure of transparent measures between sovereign states.
 latest figures show that the local employers have continued to simplify manpower due to the slowdown in economic growth and business prospects.
 it needs a social consensus.
 such punishments only apply only to the state of the czech republic, but not the status of refugees.
 every time i went to a little child, and i am deeply concerned about the movement.
 the human rights committee of human rights and the rights of the peoples committee also participated in the international seminar.
 the study of gender disparity and inequality affects the study of the risk-districtization process.
 it is estimated that the potential of these technology applications could reach a billion of us$ 300000000.
 the government today (december 22) announced the appointment of 12 members of the labour advisory board (lab) for a period of two years commencing next year.
 the 3 group is the elderly.
 " the east asia region has always been able to use, " the spokesman said.
 the swd has contacted chen zhou-ling's family and provide psychological counselling.
 the total cost of the state of the state is up to 80 per cent.
 these developments have further exacerbated the strategy of the post-cold-war period.
 there seems to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in the camps in west timor camps.
 the resources have been exhausted, and resources have been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign troops should be removed from the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to the recruitment, remuneration, training and management of police officers, should also apply to war guards.
 " the check-up of the bridge is sufficient to meet traffic, public utility facilities and other attachedloadings. "
 after nearly three decades, the concept of common heritage has been enshrined in or in some international conventions.
 the latter part of the buildings department and the floor.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters were deployed before the 1 ballot.
 we would like to wish hong kong a bright sunny environment, the air, prosperity and stability, the air, and happiness.
 for a long time, hong kong has been the main task of economic and social development.
 therefore, we first emphasize the obligation of the nuclear powers to conclude a moratorium on the conclusion of the ctbt.
 in comparison, the largest internet services in the u.s., the largest internet service providers in the u.s., has a networking rate of 20 users.
 since reform, the nation's small-and medium-sized enterprises (smes), social stability and strategic objectives, have made significant contributions.
 in my country because of the warmth of climate and warmth, the bars will be very fast, and the car will be extended to 5 and 60 to 60.
 i hope that in the course of today's meeting, the secretary-general will welcome the hallmark of the general assembly hall.
 <unk> there is no provision to allow the guardian of the guardian to give up the custody of the guardian.
 for example, the measures agreed upon by the conference include a uniform travel document for national citizens in the region.
 as a saying goes, it is a truly friend.
 mr howard young: madam president, the problem of employment, employment and employment difficulties has plagued hong kong for some time.
 " even if they enter the interior, they should not be abandoned. "
 otherwise, the draft articles would lose their most practical role.
 as a result, a significant increase in the average inflation rate of last year has increased.
 in addition, it would not be necessary to give the vein to graduates of the mainland and in the veterinary college in hong kong.
 the current average age of these greek cypriots is 66 years old.
 the last weekend of high-ranking companies has also raised the same predictions.
 this project will also allow more people to know that the diversity of cultural diversity and the preservation of such diversity, as well as in this regard.
 in view of the large number of applications, the government is studying whether there is a need for additional loans to increase loans.
 the above-mentioned seizure of assets was carried out in accordance with the code of criminal procedure and presided over by the judges.
 we can't see how the students ' death to die, and it is also the only way that the students die.
 medical supplies have been provided to providing basic medical supplies on the basis of a standard drug-care facility in unrwa.
 the diversion scheme is not only a redistribution of land.
 in this context, the conference was attempting to remind people of one of the 20 minutes or maimed every 20 minutes.
 when they arrived in neighbouring areas, there was only some kind of crafts that can be purchased.
 motorists are advised to follow the command of police officers at the scene.
 the conclusion of this conclusion was surprising that the legal adviser had previously been subjected to the illegitimate behaviour in respect of the inappropriate acts of the defence counsel.
 with the assistance of the ilo, the government of benin is considering expanding the existing material or individual scope of the existing social security systems.
 amputation is the ability of the life-long marking of life, which affects their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001.
 following the implementation of the scheme, it is expected that many of the colleagues will begin their journey for lifelong learning.
 he was said that after his father was subsequently hidden, the officials of the ministry of the interior were said to have visited him.
 other narcotics bureau officers also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 in fact, the only place for low-skilled employment opportunities is the low-level service sector.
 this project shows that the small-scale corporate funding approach is based on the previous policy experience and performance of the credit subsidy.
 according to mrs miriam lau, the " charter for youth " is " youth chartered ".
 the three men were arrested for conspiracy to deceive the money.
 the opening of a step-by-step market will be developed in accordance with the national conditions, financial, trade and other macroeconomic policies.
 in the context of international moral and international law, it is not possible to support the war of war against iraq.
 the concept of genuine development should include full respect for all universal universal universal recognition.
 state practice shows that the time of the right to choose the option of the option of the option is large.
 the islamic state of afghanistan, the islamic state of afghanistan, looked forward to the previous agenda of its consideration of the previous agenda.
 many countries have achieved a large reduction in the population of poverty, although the economic crisis in asia has caused regression.
 as a result, countries with poor countries had access to funds.
 acknowledge the role of neighbouring countries in the areas of security and the economic front.
 the security council is deeply concerned about the deterioration of the situation in and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the nine temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department were closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 in this context, it should be committed to mutually harmonious intergeneration and mutually friendly mutually harmoniously.
 the company found, development, manufacturing and sales of the chinese and the world's well-known consumer products.
 as a result, the veterinary profession was also seen at the scene and confirmed that all chickens do not have the symptoms of bird flu.
 the secretariat has made a lot of mission data to verify self-sustaining rates of self-sustainment recommended by the secretariat.
 if the floods problem in the northwest new territories is to be fully resolved, it is necessary to implement the shenzhen river management project.
 the capitalism of law and ethics has often led to drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption.
 chen ching-kuo's 1 piece of work, " chen ching-shing, " says chen ching-shing, a series of a series of " job <unk> "
 the one-way navigation in the mainland can be reduced to 40 minutes.
 the picture of the deterioration of the economic deterioration of the palestinian territories in the palestinian territories was described as well.
 <unk> do not take a large amount of cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 people were shot dead and 38 individuals were living alive.
 the working group is working with the international human rights service (csfs) and a minority rights group to address these issues in 1997.
 28 members of the immigration department conducted a total of 7 targeted units in sham shui po in sham shui po.
 therefore, the contracting authority might wish to consider the control measures that may need change.
 economic growth in both developed and developing countries and countries with economies in transition was very important in developing countries, particularly in developing countries.
 according to the same source, more than 800 reports were reported to be the people of nepalese (mains).
 according to section 22 of the law, " a person convicted of the perpetrators of terrorist activities will be legally vested in accordance with existing legislation. "
 sir, after the closure of the refuse collection in hong kong, the depletion will be completely solved.
 during the 1990s, more than 2 million children had lost their lives in armed conflict and 6 million left permanently disabled persons.
 this is also very useful in developing eco-tourism. "
 basically, this is a visible part of the government of the government in development.
 if we have not been able to make improvements or fail to make improvements or effectiveness, the department will have issued warning letters.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also the cause of concern.
 in addition, we have once again gained the reputation of the international reputation as one of the most free and most competitive economies in the world.
 the highways department today (july 20) signed a contract of $ 680008000000 worth of the construction contract of $ 680008000000.
 i check the hong kong law that we have referred to the basic law in the basic law.
 thirdly, there are practical cooperation in non-traditional areas.
 between june and august this year, the unemployed and underemployed have remained stable in most of the major industries.
 this is not easy, but if we have a quota system, more people with disabilities will be absorbed.
 moreover, australia is actively participating in the negotiation of negotiations for the financing of the international convention for the financing of terrorism.
 the regulation, together with " factories and industrial undertakings (s " noise) regulation, will be effective and implemented effectively.
 this letter does not mean the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab relations, which will only rise to the contrary.
 we firmly believe, however, that the report of the secretary-general contains the correct framework for the future of the united nations in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the number of people living in poverty and the relative number is growing.
 we look forward to working with the industry in this regard, " the spokesman added.
 the state party submits that the same argument should apply to the present cases.
 he was told that the causes of the clash of darfur clashes were a dispute for land for land for land for the region.
 the amendments have also been reserved for the development of a community facilities for the development of the fire services department and the open space.
 otherwise, the international community might have no choice but to escape from liberia.
 the details of the details will also provide education support for the promotion of language skills.
 chen mei-ye was sitting on the decks of the bones, and the winds of the cold, and from time to time.
 in fact, in terms of jurisdiction, the proposal of the garrison law of the garrison law of the garrison law is almost the same.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of establishing the resources centre for the establishment of the resource centre is not encouraging the prosecutions themselves.
 the meeting of the joint meetings was very useful and will follow follow-up actions on the various recommendations.
 in addition, we will make preparations for the review of the district boards for the 2003 elections.
 cars that are located at 1 avenue will be limited to vehicles imported by the permanent representative of the permanent representative.
 in the face of the relocating village, 220 000 trees have been used in the past three years.
 the reform of the land reform institute, which was established as a decentralized project, was established as a result of the peace agreement.
 according to the information provided, the advisory committee does not object to these posts.
 anyone who has been the girl's relatives or a girl was urged to contact the mong kok police station.
 in 1997, the institute had designated a formal mechanism for improving the quality and productivity of the quality and productivity programme.
 this morning, i would like to focus on two three issues.
 to this end, it was important to focus on education, which is a means and means of promoting the development of social development.
 ruf is not military, nor has it also confirmed that there is no command of the armed forces.
 the field asset control system is a series of audits designed to provide a series of audits to the united nations assets, that is, at the end of the initial procurement period.
 but this is not possible.
 in order to protect the environment, these material must be unconstitutional, unscrupulous, unscrupulous, unscrupulous, unscrupulous, unacceptability, unscrupulous and uncommon nature.
 treason is in the common law system at the time of the 14 century.
 worse still, the threats resulting from the presence of nuclear weapons seem to have been taking root in the minds of many men.
 all of the village people have been scared.
 the armed conflict in the darfur region started in february last year.
 the right to discrimination is the international protection of human rights, particularly respect for plural systems.
 the commission's procedures are confidential, depending on the relevant rules, any document or addresses of the relevant rules.
 however, with the gradual recovery in the economy, it is believed that the future will rebound in future.
 the choice is whether the choice is intended to be the option of bidding.
 it would continue to be a challenge.
 they prefer to retreat.
 at that time, governor patten was busy with the preparations for the conservative party elections.
 asianet daily summary-press releases to friday 16 november 2001.
 however, it may be disappointed that, so far, only one accused was sent to court trials.
 in order to avoid conflicts, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to guarantee the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, particularly children, is always the sadness of the national and religious boundaries.
 the seizures of the operation included $ 50000.
 in recent years, the world economy has undergone quick changes.
 these guidelines have been set up in the department's homepage to all management companies and companies.
 they believe that it was not possible to call the technical, scientific and theoretical levels.
 although member states were requested to strengthen the local representative, their progress is being blocked by the shortage of resources.
 at 3 p.m. local time at 3 p.m. local time, a car bombs near the centre of the centre of the centre of the city.
 the safety of senior officials attending the sessions of the session, as well as the staff of the united nations security and safety service, will be given special permits.
 up-to-date maps and the information received from the newly-dependent images have been transmitted rapidly to rescue organisations.
 the scheme is 15000000 citizens, including students, men, women and children, and there were no gender-based discrimination.
 however, mine-clearing activities have been carried out in the mandate of the united nations peacekeeping forces and other united nations bodies.
 the government of cambodia has provided legal protection to the cambodian cambodians, and to protect the human rights of these persons.
 once again, the housing department will again take a look at the housing department's question on the housing department.
 the rate of drop-out among girls is still higher than for boys, in secondary schools and the university, and males are still dominant.
 on both sides of the anti-san and guardings, there are frequent outbreaks of clashes between the two sides.
 there was no difficulties in the establishment and entry of such private schools.
 unexpectedly, it had changed her decision.
 motorists have been able to receive a warning letter from the transport department.
 and that is the us in the united states.
 president, chairman of the president of the world bank and the senior adviser to the president of the world bank.
 if the officials are interested in investing in the investment, they will do business to do business.
 furthermore, it should take into account the spread of the international system over the past 10 years, in particular the spread of globalization and new technologies.
 some of the things cannot be said, i am sure.
 cuban food quotas in the us market have been proposed.
 however, in the longer term, the government still intends to recruit suitable candidates.
 3 other children have been released, but the next day, the next day was to report to the police report.
 mr powri provides a modern speech for the modernization of hong kong's trademark legislation.
 the more people will vote in the vote, the more we will be the more representative of our 1 legco.
 a distance of 400 kilometres from a distance of 400 minutes can be approximately 13 minutes within 13 minutes.
 if he is not properly enough, it would be better to leave rest.
 this is an act of administration.
 the armed attacks on the ethnic cleansing movement of turkish cypriots in december 1963.
 the delegation of argentina proposed to include a type of type in addition to serial number.
 we are liaising with the canadian authorities to understand the details of the cases in the case of the tribunal.
 the delegation of china expressed its appreciation for the commitment to the work of this subject.
 no one was going to turn to him.
 with regard to the programme on the elimination of marriages, she asked whether the root causes of the division were identified.
 the fact is that the earth's environment is worse than in the previous year.
 the government today (april 20) announced the appointment of the commission on innovation and technology and the appointment of special advisers.
 he will have major reforms in the securities and futures markets and strengthen the monitoring of the banking sector.
 as a result, information on better development and accessibility has already led to the participation of non-governmental organizations and other important groups.
 the delegation said that this is the most part of external forces, not to control group and personal action.
 " the achievement of the achievements and the continuous efforts of each and every one of our colleagues, " the spokesman said.
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 parents pay certain costs in accordance with the family's standard of living and improvement.
 however, further efforts need to be made to make further efforts to promote the outcome of the campaign, which aroused the attention of national authorities.
 those who are not allowed to implement, finance, harbouring or other forms of such criminal acts could not be allowed.
 on july 26 this year, i saw a security guard to see a security guard for the arrest of two burglants.
 the council believes that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their actions.
 in the context of traditional business environment, the marketing staff can only take care of them in practical contact or liaison.
 article 54 of the constitution states that foreigners in the territory of the republic shall be protected by the law and the same protection.
 the member states of the european union have a three-year period of time for the period of 6 june 2000.
 the pfp is quite anger, and immediately taken a press conference on a press conference.
 it reaffirmed the importance of the treaty on the limitation of anti-ballistic missile systems.
 the performance of the developed countries in the developed countries is still weak in the japanese economy.
 it is impracticable that others will have their own people to save their people.
 as a result, a lot of wooden boards have been put in place.
 in the past six years of taiwan's water production test, the fish species had failed.
 although the international community has issued its condemnation of countless resolutions, the security council is being eliminated.
 the hong kong monetary authority will conduct the supervision and criteria for the implementation of the regulatory framework of the sfc.
 the dust dust has returned to the visual samples.
 we would like to see the real universality of the university of peace and to assume genuine global mission.
 it is estimated that the population estimate is an important parameters for prediction and projections for the planning and study of the private and commercial sectors.
 many years ago, they have been invited to attend the chinese new year of the chinese school.
 the united states government recognized that the cuban diplomatic bank accounted for diplomatic immunity.
 secondly, the claim is that the fees are not paid as a result of mandatory adjudication.
 in the competitions, the students had to cope with difficulties in the accident, such as power cuts, hybrid, networking, equipment, equipment and passions.
 we are now considering the views of the trade and the implementation of the recommendations.
 the staff of the staff of the board visited undcp in thailand and china.
 the bill does not mention any particular reference to the use of notebook companies to conceal the issues of a person or a company.
 however, it's strange that chinese will avoid the names of the names of the chinese, but this is the case.
 the department of health has provided health education to the families of the patient and disinfection for disinfection.
 i turn now to the question of post-conflict peace-building, and we are very concerned about this issue.
 the high commissioner was also requested that the high commissioner should take the initiative to ask the follow-up of the recommendations made by the special rapporteur.
 when focusing on the necessary action, we refuse to pay attention to the one-sided aspects.
 we are watching the question of the question of the question of the question of the issue of the core issue of the middle east.
 if members of the council agree, i will do so.
 these include threats, including the concept of the sovereign concept, and the impetus has been made.
 the maintenance of security and peace in the world cannot be removed from the development efforts of the international community.
 the emergency of a number of districts in limama is further extended on 15 december.
 a few days after the taliban, the authorities began the transfer of prisoners to other detentions.
 the unique nature of the missile has enabled them to perform threats, deterrence, coercive, self-defence and reprisals.
 it is the government's government's government's government's government's government's policy to adopt more liberal software products as a supporting platform.
 in addition, 106 at the same time, 106 have been maintained in 106 private care centres.
 after this incident, the two parties have taken the military action, but there have been no major changes in the front-line situation.
 in addition, the general assembly has designed a series of new novels.
 but for some of the immediate dangers, the departments concerned will act immediately.
 the experts are able to take a new picture with those of the commissions database (approximately 15000).
 a 10 per cent vacancy rate for locally employed personnel consists of 10 per cent.
 the use of coal conversion to natural gas will reduce the emissions of sulphur, nitrogen, and carbon dioxide.
 the works will commence early next year and will begin in early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, large institutions refer to the establishment of 100 or more persons in the other profession, and 50 more people were related to 50 years.
 in accordance with section 23, section 23 of the swedish criminal code, section 23 chapter of the draft criminal law is the maximum limits of the offence.
 the general assembly has recently adopted resolution 5682 8282, from the list of non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang (china) (interpretation from chinese): 23 july, the people of the world were passed away by the king of kingsan ii of morocco.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda noticed that the rwanda operation mission in other 5 suspects was arrested.
 of these, 26 were introduced by non-governmental organizations, and the remaining 19 were sponsored.
 finally, i would like to refer to the issue of a special interest in spain.
 it will be a matter of course if the vehicle is not fitted.
 secondly, the capacity of small and medium enterprises (smes) is inadequate.
 8 days later, the u.s.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a., usa.
 more than 2000 pots of african pills will be displayed at the hong kong park greenhouse in hong kong park.
 the survey will provide a reliable and timely information on the standard of living in the territory, especially in poverty.
 one of the hots of his attention is the new fortune game of the sony company's new fortune game.
 the abolition of the death penalty in hong kong in 1993 is precisely the global tide of human rights.
 it is also understood that a number of years have been very effective.
 15 catholic catholic gods, and a large number of staff members in dili, were said to have been executed in dili.
 in particular, he pointed out that the legislation was amended in 1999 to give it more investigative powers and the independence of the competition management.
 in beijing, the secretary for foreign affairs of korea, the ministry of foreign affairs of korea, was held in beijing.
 he will deliver a keynote address at the hong kong trade development council and the french association.
 in view of each other, the international community can co-operate with each other.
 the ministry of finance was submitted to the replies to the procedural order on 19 january 2001.
 " the primary goal of the government is to stabilize the property market, and it will not be bigger.
 the honourable lau ping-cheung just now seemed to have said that if it is to apply, it would be too noticeable <unk>
 the sponsor delegation stated that the legal basis for the proposal could be found in article 10 to 22 of the charter.
 in any case, stockpiled states have to begin their collection of data on their storage and production historical records.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables are made from various relevant agencies.
 i remember that some people used a lot of such words as " vested interests ".
 but i believe that many people will not support this view, but it is in principle opposed to the levy of land departure tax.
 according to the contract, the issue of transport <unk> transport is required to be agreed upon by all those in the region.
 the armed forces of the republic of angola have also conducted attacks on the southern part of the country in the south-eastern part of the country.
 if we decide to extend the project, we intend to demonstrate that the industries affected by the problem of labour shortage have been targeted.
 as a result of the german-tracking trains, they were fast fast, and the cost is $ 8000000000.
 the court received an embroidery of embroidery for the government of the people's republic of china.
 such work classifications are still being made by the divisions, and the specific situation needs to be considered and approved by the level.
 traffic on hong kong island will be conducted on hong kong island to hold a public chest.
 the private universities have also granted the tuition fee in accordance with the economic situation of the pupils.
 the improvement of our relationship with egypt and the rest of the multilateral negotiations is essential to further achieve the common objective of our national peoples in our region.
 he was very strong, and he was very strong, and he was trying to seize a lot of paint.
 some of the police officers will be able to describe the remarks of the perpetrators.
 however, the world showed that those gagging was not used for medical quality, which was sold through a german company.
 it welcomed ukraine as a non-nuclear-weapon state to the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons (npt).
 israel has also continued to increase the tunnel opening of the al-qudsa mosque in the al-qaq al-sharif.
 as a matter of fact, the travel industry has not received any complaint from the tourist industry in the travel industry.
 " i believe you will be the important asset of the two places. "
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has conducted a depreciation adjustment in order to reflect the service of the latter.
 therefore, if the rights of the public are concerned about the rights of the demonstration, i agree with the spirit of the public.
 the vehicle escaped from the scene along sha kok street to tai kok street.
 although the evidence is substantiated, today they are still defending their defence, saying that they are not " changing ".
 governments have adopted various methods of order to control these monopolies to take place.
 however, it is important to note that the performance of their respective roles and their mandates is unfair and unfair. "
 i am sure that it will not only affect the future.
 environmental degradation of the environment has been accompanied by hurricaneheads, and even at the level of the development of development.
 " our immunization systems, like the military, can resist the disease.
 the indifference and the participation of citizens and voters are very high.
 this has resulted in the decrease in the gaza strip in the gaza strip and caused salt to the eastern invasion of the sea.
 i think that this week, in our part, has shown the resolve of the international loving terror in this assembly.
 i would also like to express my gratitude and appreciation to the secretary-general for their appreciation and appreciation for the report of the present report.
 we need to discharge this international responsibility, " the spokesman added.
 argentina, for its part, has been making sacrifices for the reconstruction of the democratic republic of china after decades of political instability.
 the western doors of the western doors of the western gate area.
 it is important that we are all well aware of the stagnation of the hong kong people's territory.
 in fact, it is an important part of the united nations involvement in the work of the oceans.
 in history, there are no other children's death.
 the " peaceful flaw " is the whole continent and the spirit of the people of all the peoples. "
 as the chairman of the advisory committee of the new advisory board, i decided to build a tree in the past.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to become a means of enforced abuse, with the aspirations of the international community as a whole.
 cocaine seizures in recent years have been low, and seizures of 913 kg of cocaine were reported in recent years.
 pakistan supports pakistan's proposal to invite the relevant relevant bodies of the international court of justice at the request of the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (mpf) has issued detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the relevant industries.
 a police vehicle was then taken away by a police vehicle, and he was pushed on the vehicle.
 with regard to the environment, the international efforts to protect nature are in a more effective and more substantive manner.
 the secretary-general has put forward a vision of the direction of the united nations.
 there is also a need to identify the user-friendly users and evaluate the outcome of the work.
 mr chan kam-lam said his statement is my short speech than me, but i am now talking about his short speech.
 lithuania also attached great importance to the role of the other international forums in the fight against terrorism.
 the 1 circuit court of appeal circuits the court of appeal, the court of appeal, the court of appeal.
 in this context, the 30000 displaced persons in the southern part of the equatorial area and the 150000 displaced persons in the northern part of kanga province did not receive assistance in this regard.
 as a result of fighting and air raids in kabul, some international groups have had to leave the city.
 in response to the present economic situation, we urge the government to consider reducing the feasibility of reducing the costs of pre-employment training.
 at best, i can only stop the locally say that the government does not have to do with it.
 currently, the operating budget of the current operation is less than 40 per year.
 in addition, 10 per cent of the payments calculated on 31 december amounted to a 10 per cent basis for the purchase of the exchange rate.
 the views of the president and wife were unanimous.
 the ministerial ministerial conference will be held in seattle, which could be an appropriate forum.
 mr tien also noted that, in the light of the above 1 above, the cololar has recommended that the basic competence of secondary and secondary students should be achieved.
 therefore, if the so-called consensus can be made for the sake of a more enriched and more diverse language, it is unwise.
 periodic receives are periodically received from a regular basis and the image of a 30-minute photographer of the mete-6 and 7.
 any person affected by the amendments may submit objections to the secretary of the town planning board on february 24 this year.
 as regards the specific contents of these two ordinances, the hong kong progressive alliance is basically endorsed by the hong kong progressive alliance.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports had increased, climbing up more than 2<unk>3 of the more than 2<unk>3 and colombia.
 the most recent examples are the construction of a ho tung building, which involves the integrity of the country's integrity.
 the contents of the different types of projects are set out in the contents of article 11 of the model procurement law.
 the chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyors and the hong kong institute of surveyors will address the workshop.
 12 adolescents were arrested in the operation of the 12 teenagers on 15 june.
 this issue is often reported to the ministry of foreign affairs of israel, but it does not see progress.
 the regional security system has broadened its capacity to collect counter-terrorism activities in the eastern caribbean region.
 she also wished to know how the information and the use of information on what information and the commission can use.
 to protect the interests of consumers, i would like to propose this motion debate on behalf of the democratic party.
 turkey supports the director-general's policy on behalf of the field, but the host country should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 but this is the case of 15 different countries.
 in accordance with the procedure established by the treaty, the legal assistance accords to the provisions of the treaty provides law.
 these realities must be addressed to ensure that the remaining 70000 people are left to their homes.
 a short list of states should be punished, and direct victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to the above motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, the decrease was also seen in the construction industry, with the manufacturing and the transport sectors.
 in view of the budgetary constraints, a number of limits had been imposed on the fees and expenditure provided to the assignments.
 it is essential that an exception must be allowed to stay too long as an exception.
 however, on the weekend, the time of these places was crowded with the parents of the boy.
 the banks do not want the other one to which the government directs banks to handle their business.
 for programme enquiries, please call 2734 9009.
 as a result, the taiwan straits can conduct a study to study.
 article 10101 of the georgian criminal code of georgia provides for detailed procedures for the seizure of assets of assets (banking).
 " we have also considered the need to expand the training and traffic aspects, " he said.
 since the united nations has been established by the united nations, albania has been one of the most saddened dictatorships of the continent.
 we do not agree that, in the process of addressing the north korea nuclear issue, pressure is made.
 then you will ask for what i do <unk> they would say what i would like to say, and i do not have to wait for you.
 he was released after a few days later.
 investigations by investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are continuing.
 finland will participate actively in the efforts of the conference, a global and effective treaty to halt the spread of anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, article 13 to 18 should take consideration of the specific provisions of the specific range of activities in the context of reference.
 from 1970 to 1975, the soviet embassy in italy.
 the lawful code of self-reported law on the legitimate activities of the conflict zones should be established.
 the prerequisite should be that the provision should be made fair, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is affirmative.
 the spokesman added that all arrangements could not be sold for sale in the hos scheme.
 in the same period, the number of births in hong kong was 55300, while the number of deaths was 30000.
 however, i raise it, because this question reflects the vehement of the historical and people of balkans in the balkans.
 in hong kong's future, the chinese can do what the chinese can do.
 over any other group, they need the attention and care of the family, the social and government.
 food-borne food has been reported to have been affected by the pollution of the polluted areas, and the food was then imported.
 with regard to the choice of the child, luxembourg was made available at the time of ratification of this convention.
 they also discussed and agreed to stop the flow of weapons into the country.
 in the short term, the government should listen to the industry seriously and to listen to their views.
 i would like to think that a young boy was killed, and i would also like to go to all the victims over the last 10 years.
 ni kuang talked about a woman, saying that the taiwan edition of taiwan was sold all copyright.
 the overall plan to assist girls and women raise self-esteem.
 he strongly reaffirmed that the management and palau were determined to safeguard the environment and culture culture.
 on july 17, 1928, the secretary of the ccp, secretary of the ccp, was born in the plains of the pajiang.
 during the promotion of chickens, there will also be an important part of the farmer, with the farmer and the farms.
 the advisory committee requested a copy of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding of these arrangements.
 in that context, the committee has endeavoured to understand the full actions of iraq.
 the special rapporteur was interviewed by rwanda.
 the person concerned has lost the fighting.
 the main reasons for the unencumbered balance of unrussible balance were terminated.
 moreover, as a member of the international donor countries, we will continue to make direct contributions to the palestinian people.
 practical application activities should be strengthened in the field of remote sensing of satellite remote sensing.
 according to the basic law, all permanent residents of the hong kong special administrative region shall be elected and elected.
 40 enterprises in the service industry during the reporting period amounted to $ 216000, create or save 79 jobs during the reporting period.
 in early june, members of the council participated in the drafting of a further response to the nuclear tests conducted by india and pakistan.
 i take this opportunity to thank the friendly countries, international organizations and the united nations to continue to provide assistance to our country.
 we are contemplating our friends: knowing their lack of knowledge and honesty.
 a few months later, this storm is a painful period of adjustment.
 ah, it was closed to be closed yesterday.
 after the protests, some people were emotional and rushed to the blockade. the police were dispersed by the police.
 the work plan for trade points was only developed in recent years.
 i think it is important to respect civil servants so that they will sit in the negotiating table.
 the committee expresses its concern at the change in the change in the pension scheme and the impact of women's impact on men.
 (c) the force commander: the information of the two local level posts is sensitive to the information of the office.
 in fact, it has been decided to reduce the expected growth in the world economy and international trade.
 the department of community development, the family development division and the family support division, has undertaken information campaigns, national day, exhibitions and similar activities.
 gizmon morgan, vice president of the world sales board, said: " the exhibition is extremely successful.
 the international community should take the same emphasis on human rights, with the same emphasis on a fair and equal manner.
 despite the apparent difficulties in which these positive developments exist, these positive developments have shown that conflict prevention is a strategic strategy.
 the 2 provisions of the joint declaration and the text of article 122 of the basic law will be heard.
 he kicked me <unk>
 us$ deposits rose only by 17 per cent in november in november, with an increase of 17 per cent in december.
 the committee wished to know the findings of this incident.
 women, however, are clearly dependent upon economic and social resources and their legal rights.
 as many of the discussions of the general assembly and the committees, it has clearly reflected the urgent issue of the common concern of all humankind.
 they must end up their despair and pain.
 " we are committed to the preservation of all hong kong's successes, " mr tung said.
 in view of the position of the above-mentioned position, the chinese side made a reasonable solution.
 of all this year, only $ 1238000000 are used to purchase humanitarian supplies.
 the rent index reflected in the consumer price index reflects the changes in rent payable by the tenants of hong kong.
 the focus of such an area-specific area will be carried out as a primitive measure.
 in his view, china would definitely succeed in the 2008 olympic games.
 the committee considered the key issue of productive employment during the last one of the last session of its multi-year programme.
 the measurement of the metering patterns will give us an overall assessment.
 the protection of the maternity protection ordinance in 2000 has also been banned from 8 to 21 weeks.
 paraguay is a major improvement in paraguay.
 welcome to everyone.
 in this regard, the financial secretary agreed that we would like to make a great deal of development, and we expect that it will be possible to follow up as soon as possible.
 as far as the people are concerned, the general assembly's importance is more than artistic culture.
 in most countries, the population is far lower than the overall population growth.
 a 45-year-old man was killed at 2 am today (friday) at 2 am today (friday).
 in addition, it was reported that on 12 may 1994.
 i am honoured to officiate at the opening ceremony of the chinese space science and technology achievements fair.
 their discipline of discipline, and their actions have been taken as they themselves, for the united nations.
 these recommendations have been the public's public opinion over the years.
 " a police spokesman stressed: " both letters are ordinary letters and the public should not be overlooked. "
 police appeal to members of the public who are aware of the whereabouts of the missing persons to contact investigating officers of the kowloon east kowloon east kowloon region.
 the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review the timetable for the system-wide conference.
 in the 74-year-olds, the spirit of a good voice and voice, almost all of us are not feeling tired.
 this matter took place on the way along the way of the emigration of the estimi immigration point.
 in fact, the total number of unemployed persons is higher than several times.
 the government of a number of industrialized countries has already allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries (hipc) to begin the moratorium on the issue of the moratorium.
 in this century and this millennium, mankind has seen human success and the catalystrophic tragedy.
 mr deputy president, i would like to talk about my amendments, i would like to say a few words about this, a piece of debate.
 the number of casualties in the armed conflict is civilian populations.
 the genetic revolution will be set up in the 3 phase of the biotechnology revolution.
 i think it is more important to consider the precise objectives of the chinese government.
 violations of these rights may be brought to the competent court.
 the united nations is an appropriate forum for dealing with many challenges.
 the money provides for the growing needs of the iraqi people to cater for food and medicine in respect of food and medicine.
 note: chinese temples and chinese temples have been promulgated soon after the enactment of a temple in 1928.
 it is all aware that voluntary recruitment is practically difficult, and sometimes it is difficult to distinguish between them.
 in respect of the first page of the new year's journal, you wrote this letter.
 at the same time, inflation is expected to keep high-level inflation and nearly 10 per cent of inflation.
 mr ng yi-an has also mentioned that many of the voters in the legal profession had been very tired.
 i am very much agreeable to the proposed amendment to the proposed amendment.
 i do not need to repeat it very clear.
 the conference was given a number of the conclusions and recommendations of the review committee.
 the management system is a complex project which has a profound impact on the management practices of the united nations, budget and financial work.
 if they are still not satisfied with their friends, they can't be able to take advantage of their own.
 in order to meet relevant measures, the fire services department, the lands department and the department will carry out the above-mentioned verifications conducted in conjunction with the oil companies.
 mr. wang yingfan (china) (interpretation from chinese): i would like to congratulate you for the presidency of the council.
 furthermore, the military observers and civilian police have been unable to ensure security.
 the aim of the text is to provide a number of political options and rights to the countries concerned to the countries concerned.
 responding to the police officers, police officers conducted investigations by officers of the commercial crime bureau and raided three rooms in the hotel.
 they have to be trained in continuing professional training and their registration <unk> authorized units will be considered renewal.
 in late february each year, parents will be invited to submit a unified parental service in march of each year.
 however, the implementation of these techniques is significant.
 i also said that he hesitated with him.
 the contradiction between the operative paragraph 3 of the operative paragraph has become more obvious.
 the minimum age for the service of the service is the benefit of every society.
 a view was expressed that the issue of the insolvency representative should be addressed in the draft guide.
 i do not have to repeat them earlier, but i only hope that the old-minded employees of the elderly have to do so.
 in the absence of other speakers, the chairman of the debate will be declared that the debate will be announced by the present group.
 " you often talk about your work, " he said.
 i think that the upper floor should be kept in the future, and it does not need to be fixed.
 the sister 2 sisters to starved hunger, invadering the sheep and storms of the sheep.
 " we should continue our efforts to improve our service levels. this is our expectations for our expectations. "
 we can lay a big step forward in the future.
 the community has obviously strongly supported the adoption of a bill of rights and establishing these freedoms.
 it seems that the government is simply " one's own ".
 however, when the delegation arrived in new york, it was used to air safety and prevent them from entering the united states.
 " otherwise, the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will slow, " the spokesman said.
 the united kingdom believes that the court should comply with some of the guidelines.
 in order to reduce capital outflow, i think the government should more actively implement the relevant policy.
 the vienna convention on the law of the vienna convention pertains to multilateral covenants and agreements, including the question of the reservations of human rights treaties.
 myanmar has chosen the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is establishing a genuine democratic state with a oriented market economy.
 it was also reported that, on 7 june 2000, the rwandan soldiers, including five children.
 " we will submit a notice as soon as possible, " he said.
 (b) managing private land is the responsibility of the landlords.
 this is more vulnerable to the poor.
 it is also our view that hong kong's cultural life has a lot of life.
 in a number of countries, cross-border negotiators are under customs control, such as smuggling or breach of foreign exchange control.
 more than 95% of the salaries and individual income tax taxpayers can receive rebates in the coming two weeks.
 however, we must overcome the sadness of the sadness and careful consideration of japan.
 in the sudan, the welfare and social development ministry for women and the family are responsible for preparations for the tenth anniversary.
 he also extended to the secretary-general and the chairman of the organization and the chairman of the organization, as well as to the secretary-general.
 the exhibition is an organization of the italian mission with the department of public information with the department of public information.
 equally important is the difference of life expectancy (table 3 and chart 5).
 secondly, it is the checks and balances between the executive and legislation.
 even if she shell shelling is not only public transport, almost no one has been placed on the streets of pedestrians.
 this year this year may be different.
 next, let us take a look at the iraq policy of the bush administration in the past.
 in addition, members will be able to observe the investigations conducted by the capo.
 it will be very friendly.
 despite a good financial performance, the structural adjustment programme has not been able to reach its objectives in terms of gdp growth.
 right, a bit differentiation.
 if we wish the united nations to play a vital role in the united nations, we must make the united nations before the united nations.
 in his budget, the financial secretary mentioned the words of the " song of the lion rock ".
 the housing authority will be responsible for carrying out repair works in the public housing estates of the ground under the ground.
 as the acting chairman, i believe that this is the last chair of the legislative council sitting.
 " the number of industrial accidents and accidents in the catering industry has a downward trend.
 the croatian police are also carrying out regular interconnections and vehicle patrols.
 mr cheung noted that the meeting would be misunderstanding by the ed.
 now, the united nations needs more support than ever before.
 before the registration scheme is formally implemented, the administration will carefully consider all the views of the relevant registered scheme.
 president: mr martin lee, madam president, you have consulted the question and it is not appropriate to ask the question of question.
 in fact, the government has recently been " wind ", saying that it would be possible to reduce the remuneration of civil servants.
 in the evening, he will fly to washington, d.c., d.c. on the last stop for the visit.
 the export of developing countries from developing countries has increased from 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the web site is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session, at its 12 session, the tribunal decided to submit the matter to the high contracting parties.
 she has been able to upgrade her shoes.
 152. in spite of the fact that the number of data in need of analysis data and the number of reports, the contents of the press release are less.
 however, the report noted that the purchasing power of the population is limited to the local market.
 the advisory committee agrees that the present figure of 23.7 per cent was suggested.
 the results achieved in the fight against the fight against the fight against the fight against the fight against the fight against the fight against terrorism should not be justified.
 the administration has recognized the interests of " national security " in respect of national security.
 however, there is a sustained growth in hong kong's economy, and the surpluses of the cottage have led to a high share of many countries.
 that was done.
 the under-secretary-general has indicated that the duration of the committee's duration was not established for the commission.
 <unk> 3 <unk> over the years, a large number of documents have been shown that a large number of documents have been paid for the cost of life.
 the treaty is limited to prohibiting nuclear explosions, but the quality of nuclear weapons and the production of new weapons systems is not banned.
 they answered that because of the urgent need to host him, they were unable to host him.
 as a whole, it can be more general than its part of its part.
 (b) the electrical and mechanical services department (ems) has all day integrated all day-to-mouth during this year's day.
 the misconception of the green paper is really hu said.
 it became a member of the public who had been appointed by china in 1993 and became a member of the charteror.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority is given to the need to strengthen cooperation between the national protection and protection of human rights and the infrastructure.
 this age group averaged about 5 hours per week.
 this phase will lead to a single uniform payment rate for all other equipment and consumption.
 it is important that we should be used as a law of international law.
 scientific and rapid changes in science and economic cooperation are rapid and the world is accelerating towards multipolarization.
 and chinese paintings and paintings, the more interconnected exchange of chinese and western paintings.
 in a sense of rationality and inspiration, chen chen-yen's devomination, and a pair of colors.
 i speak of the response to the crisis in the field of exploitation of the pornographical zone.
 however, the fundamental cause is to bring about peace and national reconciliation.
 exporters and investors had increased significantly in the european union.
 there are few indications that there is a high degree of sexuality in fiji.
 the participants will find it very difficult.
 outside brazil's steadfalls, indulting and rodent rodents, also became the most powerful species in taiwan.
 women were also subjected to discrimination on different forms of work, or are subjected to the slavery of mortgages.
 (a) the economy of its economy has more than 50 per cent of the countries<unk> (ii) that it is generally in developed countries.
 today, saint lucia is the 1 time in history.
 at times, non-governmental organizations tried to influence a government.
 this fanatic phenomenon is the product of a new single-polar regime of a state of a state.
 recently, there have been some who have not been able to come out to speak and oppose the 1988 direct elections in 1988.
 however, with the advent of the people's livelihood, there will be a large number of refugees to return, and east timor will require sustainable resources.
 in the capital of baghdad, a car bomb attack was attacked by car bombs, at least five people and 19 injured.
 in a few months, the police have been charged with violations of human rights and other irregular behaviour or criminal acts.
 his election highlights his advantages, his personal qualities and his experience in international affairs.
 since tourism is " people-oriented ", no such staff and the entire industry cannot survive.
 at the same time, a 10-year-old cm shall provide a 10-year-old fervent to 173 pairs of veil and 1333 lass.
 the words " lift the " withdrawal ".
 at the same time, the housing department does not have specially trained the hawkers.
 in the case of non-provincial security, the debtor continues to take the custody and maintenance of the assets of the assets.
 i am confident that these arrangements, in particular the mutual aspects of mutual legal assistance, will meet in future.
 however, in the context of urgent need, we have not seen any meaningful progress.
 an explosion occurred nearby when an explosion occurred nearby, but there were no casualties.
 the council has also begun a new " mixture " conference, namely, the open meeting of the members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo noted that all measures have been taken to ensure that all measures have been taken to ensure that in the near future.
 as mentioned above, the section sect has not been referred to the office.
 as i accept the secretary for constitutional affairs, i have been unable to do so.
 equal wealth is equally important.
 the two vacancies still need to be filled, and the conference was suspended.
 the car parks adjacent to the centre will be suspended.
 at present, the growth in revenue of the customer investment portfolio continues to grow considerably better than the operating performance of the standard prefect.
 a lot of people have enjoyed the convenience of goods.
 in mid-july this year, li's friends of li khan on behalf of my country, which took part in the venth session of the gmc, went to japan.
 the 3 ldc meeting will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the integrated development programme of ma wan island.
 according to this commitment, france will report to the secretariat as soon as possible to explain the details of these two units.
 the host also stressed that the secretariat needs to be fully involved in the preparation of background documents, including the preparation of background documents.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission on human rights.
 in november 12, 11 november, it is the first to congratulate mr cheng chen-hsun, who is the first to be given to professor cheng cheng-hsun, the university of science and technology.
 the seventh is happy, and he was satisfied with the satisfaction and love of her girlf.
 mr cheung was talking about " safe health ' in hong kong: a quiet revolution, " mr cheung said.
 i would like to ask you one thing, so i would like to look at you.
 as new hong kong new airport, the radar and other technical instruments that have been established are the most advanced.
 although the financial resources are limited in economic hardships, many small sums could be reduced to large amounts of funds.
 as regards the content of the draft articles, it was stated that the content of the draft is too complex and needed to be reduced.
 this is not only because we want to uphold the rule of law and to protect hong kong as an international financial centre.
 the distribution of resources for the biennium 2002-2003 for the biennium 2002-2003 is table 8.1.
 as stated by the secretary-general, all states are required to make their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 of course, the author is not opposed to the advocacy of the grassroots level.
 until 50 years of age at the age of 50, they discovered that there is 18 degrees of change in its personality.
 the israeli occupying forces have taken into account all houses of the village and burnt another house and burnt another house.
 all those affected should be invited early as early as possible to seek diagnosis and treatment at the earliest possible time.
 child prostitution refers to the use of, or any other forms of consideration, to provide, or facilitate the use of children, to engage in sexual activity.
 all of this is an achievement.
 at the same time, a further increase in the value of orders for the metal products industry increased further by 2% in volume.
 equally important is the problem of serious external debt in the african countries, which accounts for 1<unk>3 of those countries.
 after a multi-hour debate and a long history of years have taken into consideration, we are just like to return to the beginning.
 there are 14 panel experts on the 14 panels of experts, which are members of the working group, and not representatives of state representatives.
 as for the staff of the expert units, it was provided more in-depth tactical training.
 the entire project will be completed in autumn 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen to replace north-south cooperation and should be viewed as a complement to it.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are continuing.
 the network of family relations is broken and the traditional structure of the family is taking place.
 in order to ensure high-quality chinese language textbooks available to school, the authorities have established the chinese language committee.
 another is said: " business business is best, as if it's best.
 some of them are said to have been injured.
 although his delegation appreciated the leadership role in the field, the topic of discussion of the topic was raised, without providing solutions.
 the united nations military contingent will assist those who might think that they might want to undermine the process of democratization.
 however, in order to make these policies effective, it must be viewed with other priorities of education, health and management.
 however, it was reported that this person had been transferred to the death of the person in which the person had been transferred.
 in order to avoid the high-minded interests of the political parties, the election activities should be controlled and transparent.
 it is expected that it will be completed in 2000, the information and practice of the working group on the right to development.
 unexpectedly, he was experiencing countless waves.
 the chairman of the small and medium board chairman, mr chan wing-kong, this morning this morning with the three working groups of the three working groups.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed to tuesday, 20 november 2001.
 as a result of history, the vast landlords of the new territories are controlled by collective groups.
 we welcome the partnership between these areas. "
 if the computer is not " harming you ", it's just as if you 're just to tell it what you 'd like.
 in may 1998, the indonesian security forces do not seem to be a matter of urgency, irrespective of the authorities or local people.
 let's stay tuned on the 5 series of new zealand's series of new zealand's series of new zealand's new zealand brigade.
 the committee, adopted on 18 june 1998, the adoption of the new consolidated guidelines on 18 june 1998, the relevant provisions of resolution 1171 (1998).
 15. in the course of the piloting system, it was suggested that the impact of the impact, which affects the areas of the area and preservation of the population.
 the broadcast of a seminar on this seminar has helped to enhance public awareness on this issue.
 if a person is not satisfied with the age of 65, it is not entitled to earn a minimum wage.
 generally speaking, this information would not be disclosed.
 mr ching is clear and devoted to the success of the law.
 the special rapporteur urges the competent bodies to conduct a review of the ordinance in accordance with international standards.
 " the labour department will search for suitable vacancies and assist in employment, " the spokesman added.
 since china recently joined the world trade organization and the 2008 games in beijing, this cooperation is expected to rise to a large increase in communications.
 recently, a scholarly attended by the mainland, the academics of the university of hong kong.
 in overall terms, the existing system has been playing the checks and balances.
 he said that if someone had been theft, it would cut off his hand but also guarantee the safety of thousands of people.
 kosovo serbs participate in the elections, indicating that the focus of the focus on provisional self-government was given.
 it is a ruf headquarters.
 the preservation of the " taipei " signboard signboards is now at the door of the new studio.
 this requirement did not disclose the name of the name of the name of yaoundo and barriba.
 born in 1944, chrischet was born in new zealand, cook rice, and the australian national university.
 in traditional markets, two chicken poultry dealers are co-operated with each other.
 details of the proposal, both english and chinese, will be put up for public inspection.
 it is the dpp's commitment to a new democratic progressive movement.
 in the manufacturing sector, it is indeed a matter of a number of employees.
 the claimant provided export credit guarantees for export credits and contractors.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has established a national plan for the implementation of the countries in various areas.
 the committee is requested to note the accuracy of the accuracy of the estimated requirements.
 according to the health organization act, the owner of estonia has the right to receive medical treatment (article 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement is the most feasible basis for conflict resolution.
 national daily also quoted, " nobody knows how much the costs are known. "
 during the festival, the paper elected zhou enlai, " the people's people's people's press are publishing.
 madam president, today's secretary is that today's director-general is " eating and categor, " we will not repeat him.
 i think, i might perhaps say that some of the more comfortable things will be done.
 it contains comments on the statute of the international court of the international court of the international court of the international court of japan.
 after the performance, the responses were warm, bringing about a great encouragement to the audience and staff.
 i can also quote some examples to say that some of the chronic patients who have chronically chronically chronically diagnosed their job seekers were rejected.
 the outline needs to be amended to reflect the up-to-date development proposals in the new territories.
 in fact, i all came to chongqing.
 the panel is supporting to ensure gender sensitivity in the 2001 census of the 2001 census.
 she has the highest quality of all civil rights.
 all relevant departments will be involved in the activities involved, and the plan involves a variety of activities, from the prevention and prosecution of the victims.
 with regard to this obligation, the committee noted that, in some instances, the report did not mention the current situation of other states.
 it is estimated that, in ordinary cases, 100 soldiers will be able to fly approximately 15 000 small arms ammunition.
 secondly, the level of tension has been lowered.
 first, we will take action on the economic and other activities which affect the interests of the peoples interests of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded guilty to his daughter.
 moreover, there are no cash-based funds in the current post-conflict funds.
 my delegation also thanked the under-secretary-general, mr. otnno and the special representative for the briefing this morning.
 it is possible that developing countries were attractive to foreign investment and the possibility of creating financial destabilization.
 on 24 and 25 june 1998, a international seminar was held with the government of the czech republic.
 since the transaction involves the transfer of banking licences, the number of banks in hong kong has remained unchanged.
 this is mainly attributed to the concept of notions in the past 5 years, or has not been achieved.
 aids has caused suffering from the suffering of children and orphans<unk> the increase in the clashes between the clan and the clan of the clan.
 in january this year, mr. sergio vieira de mello proposes to strengthen the effectiveness of the civilian police dealing with complex action.
 our assessment is that the conditions for return to sierra leone or liberia are now non-existent.
 this figure will increase by 19 per cent of the population in africa.
 at the same time, the situation is more pronounced than between hong kong and some countries, such as thailand, china, indonesia, korea, and india.
 a typical consumer of the united states will take 10 000 advertisements every year.
 i think it is important to mind how the humanitarian situation in iraq is catastrophic.
 this is a matter that worthy of the issues which deserve to play.
 oios urges the department to assist the department of disarmament to make financial commitments to the newly developed political will.
 we are fortunate that our financial position is better than britain and therefore there is no need to take the risk.
 at the end of 2004, la laden's image was used by the end of 2004, but his deputy, in his deputy, frequently " face ".
 the fourth area is the establishment of the rule of law.
 the working group on waste reduction plans has been established by the working group on waste reduction plans.
 the honourable martin lee said that the government did not respond to this matter. "
 at the end of the performance, he follows the tapes of the people's musicians.
 the gross surplus of the industry accounted for 17.2% of the total receipts in the services sector, a percentage point lower than that in 1995.
 in post-conflict security, children have occupied a dominant position in society and children need to be treated.
 the escalation of civilian targets in the bosnian serb forces has been upgraded to casualties every day.
 a spokesman for the department said that during the 2-week survey of the field survey period, the overall response rate was 95%.
 the chickens had been passed through tests and blood testing, " the spokesman added.
 he said that the secretariat hopes that the executive board would continue to provide guidance for such practices.
 the demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres long and extends 10 kilometres to iraq and 5 kilometres to kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of all children in the family service are girls.
 thus, a number of measures have been put in place to ensure that female prisoners are satisfied.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco).
 taiwan's 1 deputy inspector liu ming-chuan also came to taiwan.
 according to the central weather station, the tai fog weather is expected to affect south china and south china.
 this section recalls the reasons why the right to food can be found in the past.
 at the end of the 19 century, the buffs of bullish was passed by the colons.
 the criminal law and criminal proceedings have been amended to enrich the national legal systems.
 the imposition of appropriate legal sanctions would enable any person to promote compliance with the procedures for authorizing the author's production.
 the government and the business sector have already started a series of activities to consolidate the confidence of hong kong's confidence.
 however, the armed forces were too large and the federal budget could not be sustained.
 after the dinner, the hong kong ballet tour toured the hong kong ballet tourets in hong kong.
 at the opening ceremony, the director of home affairs, mrs paley lee, said: " all along, hong kong has always been a immigration society.
 on 30 may, new fighting took place in the provinces of badghis and the taliban in badghis, the taliban.
 the data on computer systems are also very easy, and it also triggered the privacy of privacy and other issues related to privacy.
 this document will be included in the voluntary contributions to the regional forum of the asean region, which indicated that the security situation in the district has been identified.
 on a daily basis, the soldiers said that it would take the articles, but he has repeatedly delayed the articles.
 " the longer the hong kong mpf system, the better the overall burden of the mpf system, " the spokesman added.
 the committee was informed that a replacement vehicle was replaced with the united nations assistance mission in the united nations mission in rwanda.
 on the contrary, they often view the people of the people, and therefore, they have no solidarity with the people.
 the railway system is an integral part of the system of transport.
 it was recognized that troop-contributing countries were important partners in peacekeeping operations.
 i think my voters will be very sorry.
 in this connection, china has completely ensured that hong kong is an asset of hong kong.
 it appears that, despite the authors intention to use this procedure, however, they did not make use of this procedure.
 as a strategy for the development of others, it is not going to follow up with others.
 the results will be released in july.
 in the 1940s, johnson was born in the 1940.
 however, madam president, the bill which is submitted to this council today is a big question, that is, the bill will be implemented within this period.
 shahfi arrived in the united states after he arrived in the united states after he arrived in los angeles.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, presented a briefing by the hong kong economy in 2003 and the future hong kong economy.
 the economy is also highly dependent on energy resources, particularly natural gas and processing.
 some experts indicated that the number of statistics that had not been fully reflected in the magnitude of the problem could be fully reflected.
 therefore, we have to choose different forms of bricks in different areas.
 since the introduction of economic reforms in china, china's long-term opening up of the exchange rate was long-standing.
 a syndicate has been established in the context of the shanghai forum.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that its fundamental basis has changed.
 we will continue to persuade the young people, " the spokesman said.
 the results are as follows: in addition to religious books, social studies, math, mathematics, agriculture and reading in general and reading materials are few women.
 this year's total revenue amounted to $ 10220500, representing close to 24% of the $ 825600 last year.
 the provisions of these provisions should be considered by the chinese side.
 non-colonial items carried out in other currencies are converted by the united nations operational rate of exchange rates in other currencies.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is a fundamental way to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we are more than two years ' ranking ranks in hong kong.
 after the incident, i learned that a doctor's friends have expressed strong dissatisfaction with the parties concerned.
 " it is necessary to reflect the latest land use in the north-east lantau port on lantau island. "
 this has forced the bilateral negotiations to be stopped at that stage.
 to achieve this end, it is important that all member states must pay their legal obligations on time and without conditions.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 during the centuries, mankind has lived in the fear of a sustained nuclear danger.
 he said that in order to solve these problems, the prime minister will be headed by prime minister.
 it will still be required to wait for 2003-04 years, the more the longer the length of time will be.
 there are no other groups of other groups.
 the conduct of the conduct is comparable to that of a common violation of article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 (2) a summary of the financial policy of these statements shall be based on the financial statements.
 in the south of yunnan, the heavy rains of the south-eastern south-eastern south of yunnan are heavy.
 on behalf of the people of the comoros, i would like to express their condolences to the families of the people of the israeli government.
 undp has also conducted a plan to provide donors confidence in the structure of undp trust.
 the bureau of the bureau was chaired by the presidency of the president of arman nunnu, the delegations of mali and ukraine, the delegations of mali and ukraine.
 ohchr will promote the right to development to the development of the right to development, plan, policy and operational activities.
 the vocational training council is currently conducting an average of about 70 examinationss per week, which will accommodate some 3000 candidates.
 the culprits fled after the culprits who fled the floor to the employers sleeping to reveal the incident.
 the administration has declared that today is a national day.
 for example, in the case of 3 phases.
 it is important that the peace process should continue to be the possibility of working and employment.
 the volume of printed printers has been reduced by 30%.
